-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRIVACY POLICY
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic we have a few fundamental principles:

We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our blogging products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.

Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals. This policy is based on the policy published by Automattic Inc. at http://automattic.com/privacy/. Thank you to Automattic for publishing their policy under the Creative Commons Sharealike license and encouraging others to modify it for their own needs.  This policy is published under the same license.

It is harrisongregg.com's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our products and services.  These currently include harrisongregg.com and the FollowUp Treatment Manager on the Google Play Store.

WEBSITE VISITORS
Like most website operators, harrisongregg.com may collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. harrisongregg.com’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how harrisongregg.com’s visitors use its website. harrisongregg.com may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., in an academic paper or by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

GATHERING OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
harrisongregg.com and it's products do not currently gather any personally-identifying information.

AGGREGATED STATISTICS
harrisongregg.com and it's associated products may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.  harrisongregg.com may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, harrisongregg.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

COOKIES
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. harrisongregg.com uses cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of harrisongregg.com, and their website access preferences. harrisongregg.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using harrisongregg.com, with the drawback that certain features of harrisongregg.com may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

MEDICAL DATA STORAGE
FollowUp Treatment Manager collects medically sensitive data, which is stored locally on the user's mobile device.  No medically sensitive data is collected or stored by the FollowUp Treatment Manager or harrisongregg.com.

LOCAL STORAGE
FollowUp Treatment Manager, in the Google Play Store, may store user data locally on the user's mobile device.  This data will not be stored on any web servers controlled or operated by harrisongregg.com.  It is the users responsibility to prevent this data from being copied or transferred to another storage location.

BUSINESS TRANSFERS
If harrisongregg.com or any of its products, were acquired, or if harrisongregg.com goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of harrisongregg.com may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

ADS
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by harrisongregg.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
harrisongregg.com and its associated products and services will probably need to change this Privacy Policy in the future to accomodate the development of our products and services and added features.  harrisongregg.com reserves the right to do so in harrisongregg.com's sole discression.  harrisongregg.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of harrisongregg.com and its associated products and services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
